The firebrick checker c4 moves from position p5 to the adjacent empty position p4 to the left. 
The khaki checker c3 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the firebrick checker in p4. 
The khaki checker c2 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p3 to the right. 
The firebrick checker c4 jumps over a khaki checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the khaki checker in p3. 
The firebrick checker c5 jumps over a khaki checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the khaki checker in p5. 
The firebrick checker c6 moves from position p7 to the adjacent empty position p6 to the left. 
The khaki checker c3 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the firebrick checker in p6. 
The khaki checker c2 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the firebrick checker in p4. 
The khaki checker c1 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p1 to land at the empty position p3, with the firebrick checker in p2. 
The firebrick checker c4 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p1 to the left. 
The firebrick checker c5 jumps over a khaki checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the khaki checker in p3. 
The firebrick checker c6 jumps over a khaki checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the khaki checker in p5. 
The firebrick checker c7 jumps over a khaki checker from position p8 to land at the empty position p6, with the khaki checker in p7. 
The khaki checker c3 moves from position p7 to the adjacent empty position p8 to the right. 
The khaki checker c2 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the firebrick checker in p6. 
The khaki checker c1 jumps over a firebrick checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the firebrick checker in p4. 
The firebrick checker c6 moves from position p4 to the adjacent empty position p3 to the left. 
The firebrick checker c7 jumps over a khaki checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the khaki checker in p5. 
The khaki checker c1 moves from position p5 to the adjacent empty position p6 to the right. 
