The orange checker c4 moves from position p5 to the adjacent empty position p4 to the left. 
The purple checker c3 jumps over a orange checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the orange checker in p4. 
The purple checker c2 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p3 to the right. 
The orange checker c4 jumps over a purple checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the purple checker in p3. 
The orange checker c5 jumps over a purple checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the purple checker in p5. 
The orange checker c6 moves from position p7 to the adjacent empty position p6 to the left. 
The purple checker c3 jumps over a orange checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the orange checker in p6. 
The purple checker c2 jumps over a orange checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the orange checker in p4. 
The purple checker c1 jumps over a orange checker from position p1 to land at the empty position p3, with the orange checker in p2. 
The orange checker c4 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p1 to the left. 
The orange checker c5 jumps over a purple checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the purple checker in p3. 
The orange checker c6 jumps over a purple checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the purple checker in p5. 
The orange checker c7 jumps over a purple checker from position p8 to land at the empty position p6, with the purple checker in p7. 
The orange checker c8 moves from position p9 to the adjacent empty position p8 to the left. 
The purple checker c3 jumps over a orange checker from position p7 to land at the empty position p9, with the orange checker in p8. 
The purple checker c2 jumps over a orange checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the orange checker in p6. 
The purple checker c1 jumps over a orange checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the orange checker in p4. 
The orange checker c6 moves from position p4 to the adjacent empty position p3 to the left. 
The orange checker c7 jumps over a purple checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the purple checker in p5. 
The orange checker c8 jumps over a purple checker from position p8 to land at the empty position p6, with the purple checker in p7. 
The purple checker c2 moves from position p7 to the adjacent empty position p8 to the right. 
The purple checker c1 jumps over a orange checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the orange checker in p6. 
The orange checker c8 moves from position p6 to the adjacent empty position p5 to the left. 
