The pink checker c6 moves from position p6 to the adjacent empty position p7 to the right. 
The blue checker c7 jumps over a pink checker from position p8 to land at the empty position p6, with the pink checker in p7. 
The blue checker c8 moves from position p9 to the adjacent empty position p8 to the left. 
The pink checker c6 jumps over a blue checker from position p7 to land at the empty position p9, with the blue checker in p8. 
The pink checker c5 jumps over a blue checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the blue checker in p6. 
The pink checker c4 moves from position p4 to the adjacent empty position p5 to the right. 
The blue checker c7 jumps over a pink checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the pink checker in p5. 
The blue checker c8 jumps over a pink checker from position p8 to land at the empty position p6, with the pink checker in p7. 
The pink checker c5 moves from position p7 to the adjacent empty position p8 to the right. 
The pink checker c4 jumps over a blue checker from position p5 to land at the empty position p7, with the blue checker in p6. 
The pink checker c3 jumps over a blue checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the blue checker in p4. 
The pink checker c2 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p3 to the right. 
The blue checker c7 jumps over a pink checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the pink checker in p3. 
The blue checker c8 jumps over a pink checker from position p6 to land at the empty position p4, with the pink checker in p5. 
The pink checker c3 moves from position p5 to the adjacent empty position p6 to the right. 
The pink checker c2 jumps over a blue checker from position p3 to land at the empty position p5, with the blue checker in p4. 
The pink checker c1 jumps over a blue checker from position p1 to land at the empty position p3, with the blue checker in p2. 
The blue checker c7 moves from position p2 to the adjacent empty position p1 to the left. 
The blue checker c8 jumps over a pink checker from position p4 to land at the empty position p2, with the pink checker in p3. 
The pink checker c1 moves from position p3 to the adjacent empty position p4 to the right. 
